well we've arrived with the whale
crossing work at work we're going to be
spending the night and this is rich and
he actually knows a little bit about
where some hotspots are here in Kavala
and he's gonna tell us a little about
that well now you just slide back into
town and through the next town and down
through the gulch and take the left and
go down to the old lighthouse and then
just wander along the cliffs the mills
dumped ears garbage there so maybe
bottles maybe cars composting and maybe
waves but no whales today
crazy place to look for bottles okay I
don't know if that dude this place is
definitely too crazy for us so we're
gonna go find another place
so we just came off the road and we
found this pretty cool-looking gulch I'm
gonna go check it out
so that appears to be an old robe while
we're walking on here it's really
overgrown we're gonna take it down as
far as we can and hope that we find some
hidden treasures down there
okay well this is the second Gulch that
we've attempted to find bottles in and
no luck so this is not a territory we
don't really know where the old dumping
sites are so let's go look for some
bottles well we didn't have any luck in
the gulches so we're going to try the
next best thing you're always sure to
find some bottles or something behind a
very old cemetery which this is so we're
gonna stick to with what we know